What an experience.
That's why loyalty to Jehovah has been so important.
That was so true, Brother Brown.
How about you? Has your loyalty ever been tested?
Oh, yeah. I remember.
It was years ago.
And an elder came to give me counsel after a talk.
And let's just say I was not exempt.
You were really quiet the whole way home.
Is everything all right?
Yeah, I'm fine.
What is on your mind?
I can't believe the nerve that Ben has.
Ben?
Yeah, Ben.
He gave me counsel about that talk that I gave last week.
Really? What did he say?
I don't know. Something like...
I didn't use enough scriptures.
Whatever.
I mean, it was hard to listen.
You know, I've been an elder longer than he has.
And he comes up to me and gives me counsel about my teaching.
Please tell me you didn't argue with him.
Oh, of course not.
But it wasn't easy.
I thanked him and said something like...
I'll give it careful thought.
And I'll apply what he said.
So you did the right thing?
Yes, but did I really?
I took the counsel, but I don't like my attitude.
I let pride get in the way of another elder giving me counsel.
Just because I've been an elder longer.
So what are you going to do about it?
Pray. I mean, that's what I should do.
And then go to Ben and ask him to explain what I didn't give him a chance to explain.
Wow, brother Brown.
I can't picture you reacting that way to counsel. Let alone getting counsel.
That was the problem. Neither could I.
If I was going to remain loyal to Jehovah,
I needed an attitude adjustment.
So what did you do?
I prayed.
And I asked if I could really conduct myself as a lesser one.
I went back to Ben and asked him to give me the counsel that he had prepared for me.
I volunteered for assignments I hadn't done for a while.
You know things that we do that go unnoticed.
I felt my little, my attitude improved.
After that, I felt closer to Jehovah.
Seeing the need for more humility, well, was humbling.
I never realized, but it seems like everyone's had lessons to learn along the way.
Believe me, I am still learning.
If I hadn't changed back then, would Jehovah's help?
Well, things would be so different today.